a classic not
with a bigger tone of mexico
sinking the truth party into a
moment where the teams that
we need to to enter and it says so
what
in the sense
it's going to be very important and then nothing
a good archer an archer selection as well
what
because there is no actor and nothing saying everything
what he has achieved
got to do the important thing is to know
that without a week we can beat it and
try storage rooms
we do not know the quality that the
players
It has important names but we
we are more confident what we can
do what is going to come is that
make the house
I think it's going to be a worthy match
open
we are trying to play football and and
if we do not have a very good start
but well now nobody has insured
the delight let's say
the post 14 15 still have idea of
qualify then I think it's medium
use opposite is a way
competitive where all the teams
they have the possibility to donate foreign currency
try dollars the championship so
in this case as I said no
nobody has the line insured
simply
until the end you have to wait but what
well we know it's up to us
are left scored two matches that can
enter quietly
the truth that as I always say
we
matteoli every weekend the
to win is from a visitor's place like that
what
and more in this situation than not
we need that to enter to go to
a template like
you have players named also cougars
so
in the sense I do not think there
difference I see it well football
Mexican reflects the table
no player no team takes out
difference simply that good
to get some players
more money than another in that it can be
but after
good this last game always
it is always analyzed who remains who
the truth came down good as he said
qualifying the group will be more
easy to make decisions try to make
things well and for that are the
managers and the people the club that decides
who stays and who is going to
lose but if it is important for all
finish well and good and try to follow
in the club to see what happens if it improves
because good the last championship
five goals this is done 27
I have improved it but good as I say
you always have to keep working to
to achieve the goals and try to
that the people of the club say
happy
a player sits one